1/55 Alright shitheads, gather round as your #1 memelord peels back the greasy hood of knowledge, and exposes the crankshaft of truth. Today: cars. 🚗

2/55 The car. A metal beast that ferries human meat sacks from point A to point B, powered by liquid dinosaurs or sexy electric power, sometimes both. ⚡🦖

3/55 Once you strap ur ass inside, gotta turn the ignition key, or just press a button like the royal that you are. It awakens the car's soul, beginning the journey of man vs machine. 👑🔑

4/55 Now, let's get this outta the way: the steering wheel ain't just for pretending you're the captain of a giant freighter while you're in gridlock - it turns the front wheels. Mind blown, swines.

5/55 The pedals, aka Foot Slammers, next. Gas, which must be floored to assert dominance, brake, which should only be used in emergencies, & clutch, which.. uh whatever. That last one ain't got time for that. 🚦

6/55 Transmission. MT, AT, CVT, w/e. Just a bunch of Jargon to sound smart. We know it's just a sentient being living in the car that figures out how to go fast or slow. 🧠

7/55 Suspension. Those bouncy bois that keep your churons from exiting your body every time you go over a bump. Springs & dampers that make you, the weak human, comfortable. 💺

8/55 Engine. Metal heart of the car. Pistons, valves, fuel & air, all conspiring to make tiny explosions. Internal combustion or betrayal as I call it. Rquirs tribute regular bleedings of liquid gold of Oil. 🌋

9/55 Brakes, aka speed ruins. Discs, drums, pads, and calipers. The orchestra of stopping, scorching itself with every slam of the pedal. A sacrifice to slow, even though speed is life. 🔥

10/55 Electrical system. A hellish web of tiny veins, delivering power to things like the radio, which inevitably breaks and leaves you stuck listening to smooth jazz 107.1 for eternity. 🎶

11/55 Tires. The weary earth-rollers that touch the ground. It screams as rubber's drawn on asphalt, sparking a ritualistic battle against earth's cursed embrace. Tread Lightly. Or not. Idgaf. 

12/55 Exhaust system. Fart valve for metal beast. Shoots out the gaseous remains of long-dead reptiles, considered progress by the primeval minds of the human race. 🦕💨

13/55 That's it dumb bastards. That's your car: boxes of explosions, rubber cheese wheels and metal bones. Treat it well. Or don't. It might still get you from A to B, just maybe not in one piece.