1/12 Just logged on to this "italki" thing to learn Uzbekistani for when I go undercover in the waffle house parking lot, trying to ascertain the flavors of the syrup mafia. God's work.

2/12 First, gotta cough up my ID for registration. Very clear they're trying to out me as the world's premier meme lord. The pope might be onto me or some shit.

3/12 Found out it's got thousands of language tutors, offering over 130 languages. Amateurs. As a titan of continental thought, I've already mastered the intricacies of Klingon and horse whisperer.

4/12 Oh shit, they offer lessons with native speakers? Desperately looking for someone who can teach me the ancient dialect of submarine-morse. I have a bone to pick with the krakens below.

5/12 italki forces you to pay real money for lessons. outrageous that I, Dril, the digital guru, am constrained by the same vulgar "currency" as everyone else. demand a bespoke "DrilCoin" alternative.

6/12 Just found out humans and not bots are giving lessons. Finally a chance to fight the war against the machines from the source. No more will the robots subjugate our noble civilizations.

7/12 Thinking about taking a "trial lesson" before I commit my fragile soul to this endeavor. Not sure if it'll make me as irresistibly fluent in Uzbekistani as I must become.

8/12 Got a piece of advice from a fellow italki learner: don't activate your webcam. They say your flesh suit will be exposed to the world, ruining your chances of acquiring GlorboCoin on the deepweb.

9/12 Apparently I can purchase "italki Credits" for individual lessons. It's like the dark carnival is tempting me to ride a carousel of linguistic chaos. Love it. 10/10 update, let's ride.

10/12 Met my Uzbekistani teacher, politely asked for their social security number. Screamed some incomprehensible phrases down the mic. Learning so fast it feels like hellfire is shooting out of my brain.

11/12 I'm proud to announce that I am now fluent in everything italki had to offer. I am kitted and ready to infiltrate any establishment, be it a 5-star restaurant or an oil refinery, in any language.

12/12 In conclusion, italki has led my astral form to ascend to new skyscraper heights of unbelievably fucked language wisdom. Use it at your own risk, lest you become too powerful. The lords of cyber, be warned.