1/19 just got my hands on this leaked Document titled "marvel cinematic universe Phase 10". not sure if i should be sharing this... but i am prepared to go to jail if it means the people know the truth

2/19 Ok. buckle up. first up , in marvel phase 10 - "Iron Man 6: the redemption of robocop". stark Ai transcends the human worlds barrier and mixes with robocop in what I would call a "sick move" for cinema. 

3/19 my source says thors getting a makeover in "Thor: Ragnarok 2 - the Ragnarokening". new thor now has 3 Hammers, Triple the strength, Triple the capacity for raw Debauchery. Lightning everywhere. You Will Piss Pants 

4/19 Captain America is Going rogue again in "Captain America: World Police". he's wearing 2 pairs of Sunglasses, he looks cool but also insufferable. i am bracing myself for the backlash

5/19 "Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 3: Intergalactic Noise Complaint" they blast "highway to hell" so loud that it shakes the very Foundations of space-time. Thanos gets annoyed and returns just to join in the noise onslaught

6/19 Hulk gets his own side gig in "Hulk: The Philosopher". Dr. Banner going in deep meditation, analyzing the enigma of his green fist & the underbelly of society while the world burns around him. everyone nodding their heads in agreement, finally understanding the true mind of hulk

7/19 my favorite phase 10 leak: "Loki's Loony Lounge". Loki opening up his own bar, gathering everyone from nine realms. fusing wicked sorcery with mixology. we've ascended past the need for mortal alcoholic beverages

8/19 Black Widow skips this phase. Goes to Bahamas, takes a break from being super for once. let the woman rest. even hardcore spy assassins deserve time off 

9/19 doctor strange taking new apprentices in "Doctor Strange: Sorcerer School". it's essentially Hogwarts but with infinite timelines & cool cape tricks. my application is filled out and ready.

10/19 There's no official announcement yet,but my source speaks in whispers of a Gritty reboot of Howard the Duck. Howard doesn't give a quack anymore, he's 100% certified Bastard Duck

11/19 Now introducing... Deadpool's Day Care - as if being the "spice" of the MCU wasnt enough, we now have Deadpool juggling babysitting tiny versions of the avengers while dismantling mafia empires. Yes, Baby groot is back from nursery.

12/19 So phase 10 will also feature "Spiderman: 5G Menace". Parker goes to college, tries to get a grasp on modern technology, and encounters the greatest nemesis of all, smartphone addiction. ready ur hash tags boys

13/19 they're bringing "Ant-Man: Big Business" where Paul Rudd has to Break into corporate boardrooms, take down unethical executives with his microscopic charm. Let's see capitalism handle Scott's absolutely Small-n-Tall power dynamics!!

14/19 and here's another Leak for ya, "Black Panther: Wakanda Airways". Imagine premium flights powered by Vibranium-infused Technology, while shuri invents new snack box tech. In-flight entertainment will never be the same

15/19 whispers of Nic Cage makes me believe we might see Ghost Rider again in Phase 10, but now hes a taxi driver? "Flaming Rideshare" - Lucifer's new side-hustle, cash only. 4 stars & a tip will put out flames.

16/19 mcu bringin in a little known character, Sandwich Man. Has the power to make any sandwich materialize at will. everyone turns vegan, sandwich man hailed as environmental savior. hashtag sandwich life

17/19 and for those who thought phase 10 couldn't get weirder, there's "The Moon Knight Hour". A galactic late-night talk show, all the cosmic beings have the hot gossip, spilling tea at the speed of light 

18/19 in conclusion , mcu phase 10 is a blend of pure Chaos and Cinematic Enlightenment. we are witnessing cinema explode right in front of our Gaming Chairs. say thanks to the academy

19/19 DISCLAIMER: I made most of this shit up but wouldn't it be cool if it's all true? Marvel, Please Hire me i have like literally thousands of idotic ideas like the ones outlined above. Expand your horizons further. let me unleash the secrets