1/12 Ancient wisdom has made it clear that the "Evil Eye" is the dark, unseen force that stalks us from shadows born of our harshest critics. And I, certified Evil Eye combatant, will keep you safe, in this exclusive thread that struck fear into the cruel hearts of lurkers.

2/12 Apparently the common way to repel the "Evil Eye" is through charms, amulets, or something called "assorted heate and lighght tonics'." Vodka is said to be like Holy Water for Evil Eye energy. Pouring one (1) ladle of vodka on my shoes to subdue the eyes as we speak.

3/12 The power of the Evil Eye stems from ancient covetous & jealous gazes which, after reading one (1) tweet, seems unjust & dishonorable. Remember that you cannot defeat your enemy by becoming them -- be a beacon of good vibes against these envious energies.

4/12 Now, some say that giving someone the Evil Eye is to curse them with chains of misfortune & business scams for generations. Eg: one look of envy, and your grandson is swindled with some timeshare in Nebraska. I say - this stops with me! No more shame for people! No more!

5/12 Defending from the Evil Eye via "eye-for-an-eye" mechanics is a common & poor tactic. When your enemies strike you with a 1000 curses, you should wear sunglasses to reflect their nastiness. Also good for keeping out harmful sun rays. Two birds, one sandal-held-gun.

6/12 Ironically, wearing dark sunglasses hinder THEIR ability to perform the Evil Eye, which requires intense eye contact. Just imagine - a child trying to push a large button on a toy, rendered useless in frustration. No match for seasoned evil eye victim bitches like me.

7/12 Eye color is of no consequence when battling the Evil Eye. Green, Blue, Brown or the elite Red - no one is exempt. They say the Devil has three eyes, so be aware that some random Tommy Three-eyes can pop out of literally any crevice to glare at you & ruin your day.

8/12 They say that the more people know about the Evil Eye, the more potent the force. As spreading knowledge is my duty, to counteract the growing threat, I shall have to double-down on my anti-Evil Eye strategies. This means bodybags full of sage and crystals for all.

9/12 The internet has exponentially increased the power of the Evil Eye, with insidious onlookers skulking in the shadows of the web. True story: got cursed by the Evil Eye last month when someone disliked my comment about how teapots are technically kettles. Ridiculous.

10/12 To counteract the online force of Evil Eye, you must outsmart them. When they think you're at your weakest, strike! I recommend riling up the masses, tweeting out some bold, nutty proclamations, and rub a protective garlic clove on your phone while you do it.

11/12 Insiders tip: never provoke an Evil Eye possessor with a stare-down. They will always win & plunge you into the darkness of suffering. If confronted, stare not at their eyes, but at their foreheads, tricking them into believing that evil eye mind control has become weak.

12/12 In conclusion, the Evil Eye is a psychic battle as old as time itself, predating even the noblest troll. While cat-like instinct & cunning evasion strategies are key, victory is inevitable for those daring heroes like yours truly who prevail against the malicious gaze.