1/9 "ah yes, the New York Times, or as i call it- the Grey Lady's Big Book of Mind Bending Gibberish. A Delightful zoo of misdirection where truth & chaos entwine themselves into a pretzel of despair. "

2/9 "every morning i rise, open up the sacred tome of the New York Times & chug down gallons of Journo-nectar. Breathing in the fumes of uncanny visions, my fingers then begin to surf on the news paper like a cosmic Ouija board."

3/9 "the Crossword. Ah, the Jester's Labyrinth, where people prod & probe for some fleeting sense among its twisted passages. One dare not linger, lest they be caught in a snare of inscrutable riddles. The 8th deadly sin"

4/9 "the Wedding Announcements, like a bizarre ceremony perpetrated by Reptilian gods, forcing innocents to submit photos & detail their love affairs under the guise of 'tradition'. Proof that Love is a commodity traded on the great stock exchange that is the New York Times."

5/9 "Comic Strips, but make it tasteless. The New York Times knows that humor is a weapon, to be wielded only by those who have dared to ponder the Cosmic Void. In its place, strips so politely unfunny they are rendered almost Lynchian."

6/9 "Sports. A kaleidoscope of numbers & letters. An undecipherable web of stats & Gears that churn" victor?" They ask. No,the Sole victor in this grand colosseum of Pawns is the New York Times itself, Laughing hysterically behind the screams of the Score Board."

7/9 "the Obituary; a roll-call of Souls claimed by the insatiable maw of Time. Stare deep into the glassy eyes of a thousand life stories, each one merging with the Blanketed din of oblivion, their purpose only to remind you: You're next, buddy."

8/9 "Gotta give a Shoutout to the brave lunatics out there dedicated to reading the entire Sunday New York Times in one sitting. A Herculean marathon that shatters the simple man's mind into a gloriously incomprehensible mass of newsprint pulp."

9/9 "In conclusion, The New York Times; a towering obelisk of ignorance and bewilderment, a testament to the human condition's love affair with suffering. Step right up, feast your eyes & gorge your minds, the carnival awaits!"