1/14 Christmas time is once again upon us, jackasses. And that means it's time to pay our annual respects to mr John "the Nutcracker" McClane himself, the magnum opus of dick swinging, bald-headed fathers & Cops who's not afraid to get their vests sweaty when it comes to defending the family.

2/14 First off, memo to every "genius" who doesn't get it: "Die Hard" is just German for "Keep Going Hard." Can't believe I gotta waste my life energy repeatedly pulling this fact out of an ass, but these are the burdens of being a scholar.

3/14 In order to properly understand the symphonies of chaos that is Die Hard, we must first understand the mind of the protagonist, John McClane. He's like a horny RoboCop, married to his job, & also just trying to patch things up with the missus. Real Renaissance man.

4/14 Sitting in my leather daddy chair, I reflect on the villain - The impeccable Mr. Hans Gruber. Damn fine villain. Nice hair. Suit so sharp it could puncture the hull of an imperial battleship, leaving thousands to drown at sea inherently because of that absolute rascal.

5/14 People complain about the federal government, but think about it: if it weren't for them, John McClane would be a mere shadow of the Free World Defender he's become. Give one up for bureaucracy – ensuring neck-snapping German terrorists are taught their lesson in etiquette.

6/14 Die Hard goes beyond a mere VHS tape. It's a living, breathing monument to the struggle of man vs life. The Nakatomi Plaza, an enclosed world teetering upon the twin precipices of good and evil, from which a harrowing new dawn emerges, wrapped in shredded tank tops.

7/14 "Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker." A sentence so powerful & raw hat libraries across the world have burned the Webster's pages that bare its sacred utterance, to keep it away from the virgin ears of those who haven't earned the right to wield it like a majestic sword.

8/14 Some may ask if the sequels were necessary. I say: "pace yourself, dumbass." McClane's skirmishes serve as a lighthouse in the storm, guiding each of us through the depths of hell, one missile dodging - shoeless - fist fight at a time. Masterworks of an unyielding spirit.

9/14 There are true scholars like myself, who study the intoxicating agony of McClane's career, and then there are the trash dogs feasting off the halls of debate. McClane's pain does not exist for your amusement - it is a monument to heroism, an ode to balderdash defiance.

10/14 It's clear that the Die Hard film series will likely outlive us all, as it should retain its rightful place as an eternal testament to the primal, red-blooded instincts that course through every American's veins & our relentless desire to headbutt evil square in the jaw.

11/14 In conclusion, if you don't like Die Hard, it means you cannot respect simple pleasures, such as suplexing a kidnapping terrorist or watching a building explode in the wee hours of the morn. McClane resonates with human nature.

12/14 To those of you who think Die Hard isn't a Christmas movie - you are the reason I kept my PhD in Advanced McClaneology & Structural Jibberish Under Duress. Take a seat; maybe read up on law enforcement crucibles if you have the courage to face unpleasant truths.

13/14 All hail the legacy of Die Hard, and may it forever provide guidance & solace in times of holiday sorrow. Let us celebrate the act of defiance, the spirit of life, and the simple joy that is yelling obscenities while throwing a criminal off your Christmas balcony.

14/14 To Mr. McClane and his never-ending quest to annihilate those who challenge the sanctity of this holiday season & our morally burdened souls: "Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker."